In this clip we're going to take a look at IAM groups.
The grouping of users to manage security policy in AWS.
Now if you are used to doing groups in a network operating system,
this is probably old hat on the corporate network.
But we get to do the same thing and should do the same thing in AWS.
So first up, with our IAM groups, the groups can contain numerous users.
Permissions apply to all of the members that are placed in a group.
Now groups can't be nested,
so you may be used to nesting groups say in Active Directory,
you can't do that inside of AWS.
And it has something to do with the way that the IAM policies are
defined every single time a request is put in that I want access to this
particular resource or to be able to do a task.
There are no default groups, there's no everyone group,
there's no authenticated users group, for example,
like in a Windows operating system.
Now users can belong to multiple groups and if you have a single user,
their needs should be defined using a group.
Meaning that if you set up IAM policy for a single user,
don't be surprised if it gets more complicated because all of the sudden you
want to have somebody else do that task and the temptation will be to give
that user the password credentials for this account. Better to do this in a group.